[Core] Update actor cancelation API documentation & API docstring (#38776)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-core/actors.rst

            }

> Cancelling  actor tasks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cancelling actor tasks
```

-----------------------

> Actor tasks can be canceled by calling :func:`ray.cancel() <ray.cancel>` on the returned Object ref.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Actor tasks can be canceled by calling :func:`ray.cancel() <ray.cancel>` on the returned `ObjectRef`.
```

.. tab-set::

    .. tab-item:: Python

        .. literalinclude:: doc_code/actors.py
            :language: python
            :start-after: __cancel_start__
            :end-before: __cancel_end__

In Ray, task cancellation behavior is contingent on the task's current state:

**Unscheduled Tasks**:
If the actor task hasn't been scheduled yet, Ray attempts to cancel the scheduling. 
When successfully cancelled at this stage, invoking ``ray.get(actor_task_ref)`` 
will produce a :class:`TaskCancelledError <ray.exceptions.TaskCancelledError>`.

**Running Actor Tasks (Regular Actor, Threaded Actor)**:
For tasks classified as single threaded actor or a multi-threaded actor,

> Ray offers no mechanism for interruption.

Reviewer: future work: we should really just add a `ray.is_cancelled()` method that folks can poll (I think you mentioned it in the past)

Author: Let me create an issue

Author: https://github.com/ray-project/ray/issues/39152

**Running Async Actor Tasks**:

> For tasks classified as `async actors <_async-actors>`, Ray seeks to cancel the associated coroutine. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For tasks classified as `async actors <_async-actors>`, Ray seeks to cancel the associated `asyncio.Task`. 
```
coroutines cannot be cancelled, it's task-specific

This cancellation approach aligns with the standards presented in 
`asyncio task cancellation <https://docs.python.org/3/library/asyncio-task.html#task-cancellation>`__.

> **Cancelation Guarantee**:

Reviewer: please add a note that if you don't `await`, the task won't be interrupted
